README.md, before:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=9400D3&height=120&section=header"/>

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?color=9932CC&size=35&center=true&vCenter=true&width=1000&lines=HELLO,+My+name+is+Yuri+Fernandes;I'm+18+years+old;I'm+from+Brazil;I+Graduated+Software+development+and+systems+analysis+:%29)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

# 💫 About Me:
Hello! My name is Yuri, and I am a systems developer with over 3 years of experience in various technologies. My main expertise involves system analysis, requirement analysis, and data modeling.

As a systems developer, I have skills to design and implement effective and scalable software solutions, using the most appropriate technologies for each project. Additionally, I am capable of accurately performing system and requirement analysis, assessing customer needs and transforming that information into clear specifications for software development.

## 📈 GitHub statistics

[![Ashutosh's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.cyclic.app/graph?username=Yuriferr&bg_color=0d1117&color=8A2BE2&line=8A2BE2&point=8A2BE2&area=true&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

<div align="center">  
  <img width="49%" height="195px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Yuriferr&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true&title_color=8A2BE2&icon_color=8A2BE2&text_color=c9d1d9&bg_color=0d1117" alt="Caroline Barbosa github stats" /> 
  <img width="41%" height="195px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Yuriferr&layout=compact&hide_border=true&title_color=8A2BE2&text_color=c9d1d9&bg_color=0d1117" />
</div>

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Yuriferr&theme=dracula&row=2&no-bg=true&column=3&margin-w=15&margin-h=15" />
</p>


## 🌐 Socials:
<div align="center"> 
<a href="https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=5531984482827" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" style="border-radius: 30px" target="_blank"></a> 
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuriferr" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" style="border-radius: 30px" target="_blank"></a> 
  <a href="mailto:yurifernandespreto@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" style="border-radius: 30px" target="_blank"></a> 
 </div>
 
## 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=azure-devops&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![ANDROID](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=%a4c639) ![IOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/IOS-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vuejs-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Illustrator](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobeillustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeillustrator&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) 	![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=9400D3&height=120&section=footer"/>

Commit message:

rewriting the about
original: Hello! My name is Yuri, and I am a systems developer with over 3 years of experience in various technologies. My main expertise involves system analysis, requirement analysis, and data modeling.

As a systems developer, I have skills to design and implement effective and scalable software solutions, using the most appropriate technologies for each project. Additionally, I am capable of accurately performing system and requirement analysis, assessing customer needs and transforming that information into clear specifications for software development.

README.md, after:

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=9400D3&height=120&section=header"/>

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?color=9932CC&size=35&center=true&vCenter=true&width=1000&lines=HELLO,+My+name+is+Yuri+Fernandes;I'm+18+years+old;I'm+from+Brazil;I+Graduated+Software+development+and+systems+analysis+:%29)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

# 💫 About Me:
Hello! I'm Yuri, a systems developer with more than 3 years of experience in various technologies. My main expertise includes system analysis, requirement analysis, and data modeling.

As a systems developer, I possess the skills to design and implement efficient and scalable software solutions using appropriate technologies for each project. Furthermore, I can accurately perform system and requirement analysis, evaluate customer needs, and translate that information into concise software development specifications.

## 📈 GitHub statistics

[![Ashutosh's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.cyclic.app/graph?username=Yuriferr&bg_color=0d1117&color=8A2BE2&line=8A2BE2&point=8A2BE2&area=true&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

<div align="center">  
  <img width="49%" height="195px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Yuriferr&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true&title_color=8A2BE2&icon_color=8A2BE2&text_color=c9d1d9&bg_color=0d1117" alt="Caroline Barbosa github stats" /> 
  <img width="41%" height="195px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Yuriferr&layout=compact&hide_border=true&title_color=8A2BE2&text_color=c9d1d9&bg_color=0d1117" />
</div>

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Yuriferr&theme=dracula&row=2&no-bg=true&column=3&margin-w=15&margin-h=15" />
</p>


## 🌐 Socials:
<div align="center"> 
<a href="https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=5531984482827" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" style="border-radius: 30px" target="_blank"></a> 
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuriferr" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" style="border-radius: 30px" target="_blank"></a> 
  <a href="mailto:yurifernandespreto@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" style="border-radius: 30px" target="_blank"></a> 
 </div>
 
## 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=azure-devops&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![ANDROID](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=%a4c639) ![IOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/IOS-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vuejs-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Illustrator](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobeillustrator-%23FF9A00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeillustrator&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) 	![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white)

<img width=100% src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=9400D3&height=120&section=footer"/>
